CDS4j: Update with expressions (#591)
cap-js/docs: java/query-api.md

   .data("title", "CAP Matters");
```

### Update with Expressions (beta) {#update-expressions}

> In addition to the update data with plain Java values, you can also update with CQL expressions via the `set` method, e.g. to decrease the stock of Book 101 by 1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [data](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#data(java.util.Map)), [entry](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#entry(java.util.Map)), and  [entries](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#entries(java.lang.Iterable)) methods allow to specify the new values as plain Java values. In addition or alternatively you can use the `set` method to specify the new value as a `CqnValue`, which can even be an expression. This allows, for example, to decrease the stock of Book 101 by 1:
```

> The [data](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#data(java.util.Map)), [entry](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#entry(java.util.Map)), and  [entries](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#entries(java.lang.Iterable)) methods allow to specify the new values as plain Java values. In addition/alternatively you can use the `set` method to specify the new value as a `CqnValue`, which can even be an expression. This allows, for example, to decrease the stock of Book 101 by 1:

Reviewer 2: Can we add a capire link for CqnValue?

> The [data](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#data(java.util.Map)), [entry](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#entry(java.util.Map)), and  [entries](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#entries(java.lang.Iterable)) methods allow to specify the new values as plain Java values. In addition/alternatively you can use the `set` method to specify the new value as a `CqnValue`, which can even be an expression. This allows, for example, to decrease the stock of Book 101 by 1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [data](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#data(java.util.Map)), [entry](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#entry(java.util.Map)), and  [entries](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/Update.html#entries(java.lang.Iterable)) methods allow to specify the new values as plain Java values. In addition/alternatively you can use the `set` method to specify the new [value](#values) as a `CqnValue`, which can even be an expression. This allows, for example, to decrease the stock of Book 101 by 1:
```
